# CS102 ~ Group Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.
Other than the meetings below, we also talked about our project in/after labs

****
### Unofficial Meeting ~ (13.02.2020 ~1 hour)
****
**Present:** Kutay Demiray, Cemhan Kaan Özaltan, Gökberk Keskinkılıç, Çağatay Şafak  _**Absent:**_ Yağız Yaşar, Gülin Yılmaz, Ceyda Şahin

**Discussion:**
Some of us had no class in the morning so we decided to meet and brainstorm for possible project ideas. Others had class so they couldn't attend. After an hour or so of discussion we noticed that it's hard to find and join
GE250/251 activities, so we marked down a list/interactive map for GE250/251 as a possible project.
 
****
### Meeting ~ (22.02.2020, ~2 hours)
****
**Present:** Kutay Demiray, Yağız Yaşar, Cemhan Kaan Özaltan, Gökberk Keskinkılıç, Gülin Yılmaz, Ceyda Şahin   _**Absent:**_  Çağatay Şafak

**Discussion:** 
We brainstormed some possible project ideas. We first planned on doing an app to help people find and register to GE250/251 activities, but after our instructor told us to make an app for a
wider audience, we settled on an app for finding other users (mainly students) to trade books for courses, find roommates, car pool and participants for activities such as club gatherings and
sports.

After settling on our project, we started making the presentation for the next week. After discussing how our layout and color pallette should be, Ceyda drew a logo and some screens from
the app in Photoshop to include in the presentation.

**ToDo:** Ceyda and Çağatay will be doing the UI design and front-end in general (with other members' inputs and ideas as well)

****
### Meeting ~ (07.03.2020, ~3 hours)
****
**Present:** Kutay Demiray, Yağız Yaşar, Cemhan Kaan Özaltan, Gökberk Keskinkılıç, Gülin Yılmaz, Ceyda Şahin, Çağatay Şafak

**Discussion:**
Most people said our project was too broad and should be narrowed down in the feedback, so after some discussion we decided to focus on finding people for events and other activities, and ditched the
other features we had planned earlier. We brainstormed some feature ideas and settled on adding a map/GPS feature (for finding event locations easily), user accounts (with only some simple features
like a nickname, profile picture and a small bio, our main aim was to prevent spam/bot accounts so we made registration mandatory for using the app) and an event list that allows searching and sorting.
After that, Kaan wrote the introduction part of the project. Gökberk wrote the conclusion. Rest of us worked on the main paragraphs.
****
### Online Meeting ~ (25.03.2020, ~30 minutes)
****
**Present:** Kutay Demiray, Yağız Yaşar, Cemhan Kaan Özaltan, Gökberk Keskinkılıç, Ceyda Şahin, Gülin Yılmaz, Çağatay Şafak

**Discussion:**
We talked some more about our UI design, and planned to update it according to our decisions in the previous meeting. We talked about the UI report itself and how it should be done (what tools will we use etc).
Some people had to leave, so we decided to meet again in a few days.

**ToDo:** Meet again for UI design report

****
### Online Meeting ~ (30.03.2020, ~3 hours)
****
**Present:** Kutay Demiray, Yağız Yaşar, Cemhan Kaan Özaltan, Gökberk Keskinkılıç, Gülin Yılmaz, Ceyda Şahin _**Absent:**_ Çağatay Şafak

**Discussion:**
We already had some ideas from the previous meeting. Yağız made the storyboard for our app. Kutay created a rough design for the main "Events" screen, including buttons for event categories and and featured events.
Gökberk created a rough design for the "Profile" screen. We also polished some screenshots from our previous meetings and reports. After we finished the rough designs for our screens, Ceyda remade them in Photoshop and Gökberk,
Gülin and Kaan wrote some descriptions to include in our UI Design Report. Kutay reviewed the report again and fixed some grammar mistakes and uploaded it to Moodle.

****
### Online Meeting ~ (23.04.2020, ~3 hours)
****
**Present:** Kutay Demiray, Yağız Yaşar, Cemhan Kaan Özaltan, Gökberk Keskinkılıç, Gülin Yılmaz, Ceyda Şahin  _**Absent:**_ Çağatay Şafak

**Discussion:**
We met again to discuss our detailed design. However, the meeting was not very productive because Android classes and design is vastly different than what we are used to doing in computers. We decided to learn
more about Android and Android Studio, and ask for help from our TA and instructor.

**ToDo:** Meet again later after getting help from TA and instructors and learning more about Android app design

****
****
